📖 Move `extra_args` for Tilt before the run section (#2981)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/tilt.md

**trigger_mode** (String, default=`auto`): Optional setting to configure if tilt should automatically rebuild on changes.
Set to `manual` to disable auto-rebuilding and require users to trigger rebuilds of individual changed components through the UI.

**extra_args** (Object, default={}): A mapping of provider to additional arguments to pass to the main binary configured

> for this provider. Each item in the array will be passed in to the manager. 

Reviewer: Is `for this provider` still accurate once this content is moved to this section?

Reviewer 2: Rolling with @JoelSpeed's question, maybe `for the given provider` would be more accurate instead?

Author: fixed as per @detiber suggestion

Example:

```json
{
    "extra_args": {
        "core": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"],
        "kubeadm-bootstrap": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"],
        "azure": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"]
    }
}
```

> With this config, the manager will be invoked with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this config, the respective managers will be invoked with:
```
